Soar 7769 Opsgenie plugin - Change output for Create Alert action (#1112)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: plugins/opsgenie/help.md

# Version History

> * 1.1.0 - Added alertId field to the output of Create Alert action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1.1.0 - Added Alert ID to the Create Alert action output
```
It's important to use the user-facing 'title' attribute of the input/output when talking about it in user-facing text :)
